Release 1.8.5 (#755)
smapiot/piral: docs/tutorials/09-pilet-best-practices.md

The crucial part is that we do not only place the registration of our testing components (in the example above the page) inside the environment-switch, but also the dependent modules. Above we only bundle the `PlaygroundPage` if we are indeed in the development environment. Production builds will never include this code.

## TypeScript Declarations

You might want to provide some TypeScript declarations for the extensions used by your pilet.

When you use an extension you want to be sure that everything works, e.g.:

```jsx
app.registerPage('/example', () => (
  <div>
    <app.Extension name="foo" params={{ name: 'Bar' }} />
  </div>
));
```

> Here, the `params` passed into the extension should autocomplete. The way to do that is by having the `PiralCustomExtensionSlotMap` interface extended. If your app shell is called `sample-piral` you can do that using:

Reviewer: Can we specify where this should be configured (e.g., the file and/or project)?

Author: No need to specify. This is no where configured. It's just the types you write somewhere.

Author: (What would you write here to make it more clear? Just propose a change)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the `params` passed into the extension should autocomplete. To achieve this at the example of an app shell called `sample-piral`, create a type declaration within your pilet as follows:
```
